Add documentations for batch ingestion feature (#7408)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _api-reference/document-apis/bulk.md

timeout | Time | How long to wait for the request to return. Default `1m`.
type | String | (Deprecated) The default document type for documents that don't specify a type. Default is `_doc`. We highly recommend ignoring this parameter and using a type of `_doc` for all indexes.
wait_for_active_shards | String | Specifies the number of active shards that must be available before OpenSearch processes the bulk request. Default is 1 (only the primary shard). Set to `all` or a positive integer. Values greater than 1 require replicas. For example, if you specify a value of 3, the index must have two replicas distributed across two additional nodes for the request to succeed.

> batch_size | Integer | Specifies the number of documents to be batched and sent to ingest pipeline to process together. Default is 1 (docs are ingested by ingest pipeline one by one). If the bulk request doesn't explicitly set ingest pipeline or the index doesn't have a default ingest pipeline, this parameter will be ignored. Only documents with `create`, `index`, and `update` actions can be grouped into batches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
batch_size | Integer | Specifies the number of documents to be batched and sent to an ingest pipeline to be processed together. Default is `1` (documents are ingested by an ingest pipeline one by one). If the bulk request doesn't explicitly specify an ingest pipeline or the index doesn't have a default ingest pipeline, this parameter is ignored. Only documents with `create`, `index`, and `update` actions can be grouped into batches.
```
